Add ability to sort add-ons by columns (#17135)
nvaccess/nvda: tests/manual/addonStore.md

1. Enable the "Include incompatible add-ons" filter
1. Ensure add-ons with status "incompatible" are included in the list with the available add-ons.

### Sorting the add-ons list by column
1. Open the Add-on Store

> 1. Jump to the sort by column field (`alt+m`)

Reviewer: can you add the alternative step (for sighted users/mouse nav) to click the column headers

Author: Done

> 1. Select different columns, and ensure that the add-ons list is sortered accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select different columns, and ensure that the add-ons list is sorted accordingly
```

1. Enable the "Include incompatible add-ons" filter
1. Ensure add-ons with status "incompatible" are included in the list with the available add-ons.

### Sorting the add-ons list by column
1. Open the Add-on Store

> 1. Jump to the sort by column field (`alt+m`)
> 1. Select different columns (ascending or descending order), and ensure that the add-ons list is sorted accordingly
> 1. Alternatively, perform a left mouse click on different columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sort by column:
   1. Using the combo-box:
     1. Jump to the sort by column field (`alt+m`)
     1. Select different columns (ascending or descending order)
   1. Alternatively, perform a left mouse click on different columns
1. Ensure that the add-ons list is sorted accordingly
```
